W-18940999-merge-MS2025-06-ACB-to-latest-mk (#474)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/int-trigger-flows.adoc

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"]

When your integration or implementation builds successfully within the Anypoint Code Builder IDE, the application deploys to your local development environment, whether you use the desktop or cloud IDE.

Configure the *HTTP Listener* from xref:http-connector::index.adoc[Anypoint Connector for HTTP] (HTTP Connector) to trigger the execution of a flow in a deployed application. Or trigger the flow locally from the built-in terminal in Anypoint Code Builder, or from a VS Code extension like Thunder Client.

> A *Scheduler*, a *Flow Ref*, or any connector trigger or message source can initiate a flow execution. These components serve as entry points that listen for specific events or time intervals to start the flow logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A flow execution can be initiated by a *Scheduler*, a *Flow Ref*, or any connector trigger or message source. These components serve as entry points that listen for specific events or time intervals to start the flow logic.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd try to avoid using the passive voice.
